DJ job no bad thing something like
intense shaving nigga mad bring
something like the Wiz you the sad thing
wit it is the ain't even had
brains dummy like a bitch so why talk
show about the world in the Baptist's
who we will be ah what's up guys just
got my second nikeid in today the zoom
kobe 5 it's a call to hardwood classic
colorway this is the first one that I
showed you guys it's pretty much the
same exact one is this one except for
you can see on the toe cap right there i
did a white rather than this metallic
orange and i left the g off the bat
collar here so you can see i did that
not basically want you guys opinion pick
one pick one which i call this one the
version 2 hardwood classic and the are
sorry the version 1 hardwood classic in
the version 2 this is the second one I
made
you
what's up guys back with two pickups
Black History Month Kobe sixes and
comfort airs South Beach call away guess
that's what they've been dubbed figure I
got a lot of shirts in this cup in this
color the match might preheats and I'm
probably not gonna wear my pre eats
South Beach's um partly because I'm a
collector and partly because just real
loud and may work boss them out one day
but are you sure him in the collection
so I mean the shoe isn't as loud it's a
little loud both whatever my shoe and
they feel exactly like the 11s as
they're supposed to them sure but they
feel just like them just like the cool
greys so if you're wondering how they
feel let's just a low low top version of
the 11 s right then we've got the Black
History Month Kobe sixes got these off I
think I got them off East Bay or Nike I
think nike honestly don't remember you
guys all seen them very nice shoe gold
tip laces in their mother and so on
Black History Month
beautiful shoe too nice pickups I just
want to come together in this video oh
yeah also gold laces might throw our men